Constructor : 
-Invoke or executed at the time of object creacation no need to call constructor explictily.
-Constructors manily use to initilize the data .
Diff between constructores and functions?
1.Fuctions will returen a value where as constructos will not returen any value.
2.Constructores will have same name of the class where as functions will have differentnname.
3.Not need to call constructos where as functions must be called.

Note : There are two types of constructos 1.Paramiterize constrctores 1.Default constructos .
Default constructos-Is the one which will not have any parameters.
If you do not have any constructor in class by default compiler is going to add one default constructor. 

Note : If you have more than one constructor in your class then it is called Construcor overloading .


Static : It is used to better memory managment perpose. 
Static can be implemnted withe below
1.Static Variable ---If you declare as static only one memory locaton will be allocated and all the objects going to share same memory location . 
We need to use static variable when we want common value needs to be used for all the objects.
Functions/Methods
2.Static variables are at the class level not at the object level. 
3.Static Function: If you declare any funcation with static keywork then that funcation will be static funcation .
static funcaiton are class level. 
We can not use below keywork withe the static
This - keyworkds 
Super - keyworkd
static funcation can access only static data and can call only static funcation.
static funcation shoul be called with help of class name. 
We can not call static funcaiton with the object name.

Why do you writeh public static void before main ?
How to you call funation without object ?

Final Keyword : Final is a keyword which can be used with the below.
1.Variable -If a variavle is declared as final the value of final variable can not be modify.
2.Methods - If a method declared as final that method can not be overriding in the sub class.
3.Final Class - If u are declared any class as final that class cant not be extended.


Super Keyword:
Super is a keyword which is used to invoke/call will call super class method.
Super keyword is used to implement runtime polymorphism. 


Write a progrm overwride.
Change the package name commonfeatures.and call one class from another class.

Packages : 


Exception Handeling: 
?What is the super class of exepton handeling
Ans : Throwabel is suprclass of exception handeling.

Note : Catch block will execute only if there is execaption.Catch will not be executed if there is not execetion. 
If you dont know what type of excepetioin it is thorwing how to handle ?
ans:Execptioin is pre define class which can handel any type of execpecation.
If you have multiple catch blocks exeception must me the last one do not put this catch block in the begaining or middle.

Difference between catch and finally?
Ans :catch block will execute only if there is an exeception but finally block will be executed all the time.
Finally block is used for cleaning of the code. 

Finilize : Is a method which is going to be executed before garbage colucator distroing the objects.If YOU wanted to 
perform any acation before garbage coluctor distroing the object that code we have to puted in side the finilize method.











